do that now put host routine background
basically Oh dropship careless are going
down for movie getting hit by that just
basically on ink by that turret yeah so
he's going to move in forces and really
we we can't do anything about that more
as he was coming off the line of from
that job movie who looks like he's
managed to take out another few se views
but again it's not gonna matter just cuz
the sheer amount of expansions and
Holdings that mine has and mind
basically in a couple minutes here just
going to be able to absolutely overwhelm
you with these forces movie I don't
think has any any production at it was
rezoned movie completely using that
northern base I think he realizes his
turrets are in position that you can't
really hold it so he's just gonna I
think he's just gonna let it go but in
anytime ya movie in big trouble now just
absolutely we get dominated on the
resource battle so he yeah he's going to
take this opportunity to kind of push
ahead with the forces that he has but it
looks like mine expect it's kind of one
of those desperation attacks at this
point a good plan on his bark putting
siege tanks across the middle holdings
and basically siege position you have
basically I love Ruby trying to go
basically the ground route and getting
dropped all over not able to save that
expansion you should have just let it
going he may be gone for an attack on
his man who realizing he's in big
trouble now only have Ken not producing
out of his maid anymore looks like he
does has managed to secure that location
outside his face but that's vulnerable
that's kind of looks like that's going
to be taken out of his hand right now by
mine mine can basically concentrate all
his forces at the location mounts very
and he and he can do that without much
reserve simply because that's right
outside movies main base and he can see
most the drops going and oh man just I
cannot I cannot iterate how how many
bases that mine has at this point he
controls so much of the map yeah it
looks like he's just gonna plant turrets
around the base really only two two
locations really producing all that much
for movie anymore and pretty soon that's
going to
just gonna see a huge amount of forces
out for Maya and just a teeny amount of
forces out for movie and you just
basically use this dropship force that
he has to drop all over doesn't matter
how many turrets he has up he's just
gonna be able to use an oval and enforce
of Tanks relies on these drop ships to
kind of go an impression and it'll be
interesting if he looks like that I'm
not sure what blew up there might have
been engine right there right there but
right now it looks like what mine's
going to do is just gonna use these
dropships trail across the middle make
sure that we can't get out and then
basically as you can see any map a large
amount of forces in the background
starting to push in he's just going to
basically start streaming forces along
as he feels like he has a large enough
force getting another expansion down
once he has large net force he's just
gonna press in and finish movie and wow
yeah as you can see producing out of so
many bases right now and getting another
base down he controls the entire map he
has all the resources right now and
we'll see if he decides to end it right
here because he just again he already
has a large force movie completely in
defensive mode and I don't see a movie
winning the long run he's gonna have to
pull out some in some miracle micro some
miracle defense really
these Korean basically professional
comedians they spend most days I think
thinking of strategies to break kind of
Sheldon Terran defenses and gonna see to
that Ridge and basically just gonna he
can basically allow his tanks to take
those hits off the comp set and kind of
trade things because ov can't afford to
replace those tanks where mind can and
basically you just connect food wow just
so much it's all turrets all over he has
turrets completely lining that entire
area so even if who V decided to flow to
command center out here the command
center would immediately be spotted and
hit several times and a lot of cops out
going down I love come time sorry hmm
yeah oof sorry losing my voice right
there again a lot of smoke in the air in
the San Diego area right now and as you
can see who v realizing I think he's in
a bad position he got a COMSAT out he's
seeing all those factories he's seeing
all these forces here just setting up
siege where he can he's gonna try to use
those dropships to deal with whatever
attack that my presented him but really
mind is leisurely going to be able to
end this match at this point UV does not
kind of present out when I really needed
to I think that was a clever strategy
putting down a natural expansion but
just not pressing in when he needed to
and not taking the rest of the map when
he needed to very creative play but not
paying off it and that's really
disappointing I really wanted to see
movie a witness and no I'm talking as
though he's already defeated and that
it's kind of inevitable but I really I
honestly feel these a lot of tanks were
enforcing anything yeah I think a lot of
those dropships I could just press down
on that man basically what that what
that's doing for for mind at that moment
is that's going to force those those
forces out of that dropship he's going
to be able to basically just get a huge
force probably plug just straight up
model probably what I would do is I
would take that expand that expansion
was camped outside of right right now as
soon as he does that camp a bunch of
these tanks out the outside hoping kind
of do as soon as the siege to cross that
Ridge then go for the secondary and just
move right up the ramp
moving those a lot of siege tanks at the
position I've read it from religious to
a couple drops here and there if the
last it looks like yeah what he's gonna
do instead is he's just gonna kind of
push up with a lot of Tanks use the drop
ships to drop across all the siege tanks
were behind he's just gonna pin all
these units in wow so many tanks not
even bothering to siege they're just
going to roll up with them and roll
movie / movie and a completely defense
efficient look at all those tanks just
such a huge arm and right now he's gonna
try to load up those forces at the South
maybe try to do a counter-attack but
really that yeah those turrets are gonna
spot that out but really what the line
is going to produce out of his his base
in meantime it's gonna be able to
counter this it looks like he's just
playing a bunch of SUVs down underneath
and he's gonna be able to take this out
almost with SCPs that he's producing
alone yeah as you can see in the
meantime bringing a lot of units take
care of that attack force we're actually
he's wow you can see able to fill up all
those dropships so we might be able to
save that in the meantime like that
looks like the natural expansion did
have a lot of resided still and that's
been taken out he's just probably gonna
looks like he's gonna try to save this I
would have actually take him out right
into movies main instead of bothering
otherwise and I think once this attack
is basically stopped that's going to be
GG free movie will be realizing that he
he is completely surrounded he's kidding
completely dominated economically he's
getting completely dominated in
production and he's just kind of waiting
for his demise this yeah once this tank
guys I would expect to GG it very
shortly afterwards and as you can see
he's got a large for yeah he calls GG
right there good match really I want to
do V to advance but gotta give to mine
played solid and really just wow
fantastic macro and really wow very
solid player Putin cells to be very
cells there in these longer games I hope
you guys enjoy that about
to view that's very respectful i like
that alexia good sportsmanship those
matches I hope you guys enjoyed that one
it's just another dish commentary by
diggity again check out the booth lost
donate what you can to the san diego
well finally and yeah hope you guys are
doing well worth your ad from san diego
hope everything soon now go get em sk
telecom t1 you also know he was checking
in the time get your number on the clock
well they can change over Roger I've
gotta wait for you to get em SOS we the
dumb jock head yeah okay oh you're gonna
give up for jpg on the he's all talk Oh
No